Feat/v4 Screen Reader only component SrOnly (#1352)
contentful/forma-36: packages/core/src/ScreenReaderOnly/ScreenReaderOnly.mdx

---
title: 'ScreenReaderOnly'
type: 'component'
status: 'stable'
slug: /components/ScreenReaderOnly/
github: 'https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/tree/master/packages/core/src/ScreenReaderOnly'
storybook: 'https://f36-storybook.contentful.com/?path=/story/utilities-screenreaderonly--basic'
typescript: ./ScreenReaderOnly.tsx
---

> This is a helper component to add content and components which is only visible for screenreaders. For example skip links, structural elements or additional information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a helper component to add content and components which is only visible for screen readers. For example skip links, structural elements or additional information.
```

    <Stack flexDirection="row" spacing="spacingS">
      <ScreenReaderOnly>
        <SectionHeading as="h2" id="main-navigation">
          Main Navigation
        </SectionHeading>
      </ScreenReaderOnly>
      <TextLink href="#">Menu Element</TextLink>
      <TextLink href="#">Menu Element</TextLink>
      <TextLink href="#">Menu Element</TextLink>
      <TextLink href="#">Menu Element</TextLink>
      <TextLink href="#">Menu Element</TextLink>
      <TextLink href="#">Menu Element</TextLink>
    </Stack>
  </nav>
  <div id="main-content">
    <SectionHeading as="h2">Main Content</SectionHeading>
    <p>
      When using a screenreader you will get offered a skip to main content
      link.
    </p>
    <p>
      The navigation has a ScreenReaderOnly wrapped heading which it is labelled
      by, to help a screenreader user, to identify which kind of navigation they
      are on.
    </p>
  </div>
</Stack>
````

## Content recommendations

- For links that help navigating views with many different feature areas e.g. header, footer and sidebars next to the main contnt
- Additional descriptive content like labelledby headlines for navigations

> - Information dedicated for screenreader Users e.g. specific keyboard commands to skip to the next unread blogpost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Information dedicated to screen reader users e.g. specific keyboard commands to skip to the next unread blog post
```
